hello you guys welcome back to cabana
cos channel I want to talk to you guys
about being and anglers okay oh so
basically I was driving down the road
yesterday and I passed by the old gym
that I used to go to okay so it reminded
me of when my mom used to go to the gym
with me and my mind goes to the gym and
I was thinking about some of the things
my mom used to do and some of the things
I used to do and I was just like oh my
god my mom wasn't in a blur okay so let
me explain to you guys what I'm talking
about and I want to know are you guys an
enabler do you have people in your
family that's an enabler okay so let's
talk so mama now so my mom used to go to
the gym together um years ago and you
know she was down to talk me into going
to the gym you know this is back when I
was not trying to lose weight so I just
went to the gym just because she would
not get off my case about it okay so
basically I made her happy by going to
the gym so I guess she figured she had
to make me happy after the gym because
it was like this seafood shot in front
of the gym so we exercise for an hour or
two and then she take me out to eat like
that kind of defeats the whole purpose
right but you know I didn't you know I
wasn't trippin you know because i was
getting what I wanted you know food deep
fried food you know so after I thought
about that I start thinking back when I
was growing up and my mom was you know
my the first person to tell me you know
you need to do some way um you're gonna
be really unhealthy you're gonna you
know your body's gonna do this you can't
do that you know whatever just appoint
on all the bad things that could happen
you know each other you should try to
encourage me to lose weight my mom eva
had my mom even try to make me like
she's
Amy get on diets okay literally like two
food out of the house like threaten me
like yeah she did all that but at the
end of the day I realized that she was
the main person bringing all of those
sweets and all of the other stuff into
the house and I think the fact that the
food because the food made me happy it
made her happy because she wanted to see
me happy you know and I say that because
mom love Twizzlers all right she loved I
think that Twitter's the candy it taste
like wax is that Twitter's I think his
Twitter's if not I corrected but i think
it's wizards it's not disgusting but
anyway um mom loves that candy you know
and I've been buying it for her for
years you know years years and uh I know
that that's something that she loves you
know and it makes me happy to see her
happy you know when she was either its
wizards my mom was lunging at 85 pounds
and now she's down to like 125 130 I
haven't bought her I haven't um
purchasing Twitter's for her and so so
long but you know back then I used to
purchase her Twitter you know because I
knew she loved them and I wanted to see
her happy cuz when she saw Twitter she
got happy you know what I'm sure that's
the same feeling that she got when I was
used to bring me home my favorite snacks
and stuff like that I'm is kind of sad
that fool in some sense you know I kind
of look at it like it kind of said that
food made me that happy but it did you
know it truly did um but I just wanted
to know we all had the same experience
or y'all doing this to your kids right
now as we
speak you know are you giving your kids
all this unhealthy food mcdonalds
cookies and candy and stuff like that
are you been in a blurs just to make
them happy just to see them smile just
because you want to see them happy I
want to know and if we are we need to
stop it now we need to stop doing it to
our kids whoever else in our family we
need to not let other people do it to us
now don't get me wrong with you guys she
your mom has been like like my moderator
like from the beginning of time you know
from beginning but um she has been bad
bad mama bad llama also you know and she
probably has I've never told her that
either maybe I should telling you know
I've never we've never talked about
because I just now realized that even
though she was my biggest motivation she
was my big as a neighborhood too so um
it kind of goes hand in hand if you're
really not paying attention to what
you're doing so i really wanted to talk
about this you know because we might
might not even realize that we're doing
it when we could be doing it and
especially to our kids I tell kids they
email me all the time lose the weight
now you know it's time to lose weight
now you're young you're active you don't
have a non-fire to go to you can you
know you can eat healthy you have the
opportunity to eat healthy now um you
have the opportunity exercise as much as
you points lose the weight now because
once you get up until adulthood it is
the hardest thing to do it is the
hardest thing to do okay oh har his
thing to do okay um oh man if I could go
back to I say age 15 I was overweight at
age 15 I think there's a lot of time I
saw
gaining weight I would do so many things
different oh my god oh my god i would
not be making videos about being our way
right now y'all better believe that okay
it took what from age 15 to gaining
weight to age 27 it's a 12 years almost
for me to realize that I was so obvious
it was crazy so it took me 12 years to
gain weight 300 pounds that's redic
anyway I can go on and on okay I just
but the whole point of this video is I
just want to say that we can be the best
part of someone's journey you know we
can help them we can motivate them and
all that great stuff but also we can be
enabling them to do you know the total
opposite of what they're trying to do um
so yeah so i hope this video was
beneficial I wouldn't know to know if
you're in an april or you or you so let
us know below you guys don't forget to
comment and all that great stuff and
also don't forget to hit us up on
Facebook I have my facebook page in the
description box and if you have any
questions answers or anything hit me up
and let me know I love you guys my piece